com/terminal/model/TerminalModelListener.java
 com.terminal.model.TerminalModelListener
com/intellij/openapi/util/Ref.java
 com.intellij.openapi.util.Ref
com/terminal/TtyBasedArrayDataStream.java
 com.terminal.TtyBasedArrayDataStream
com/terminal/emulator/SystemCommandSequence.java
 com.terminal.emulator.SystemCommandSequence
com/intellij/util/ui/RegionPainter.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.RegionPainter
 com.intellij.util.ui.RegionPainter$Alpha
 com.intellij.util.ui.RegionPainter$Image
com/intellij/ui/SimpleColoredText.java
 com.intellij.ui.SimpleColoredText
com/terminal/model/ChangeWidthOperation.java
 com.terminal.model.ChangeWidthOperation
com/intellij/util/NotNullProducer.java
 com.intellij.util.NotNullProducer
com/intellij/ui/mac/foundation/ID.java
 com.intellij.ui.mac.foundation.ID
com/intellij/openapi/util/Pair.java
 com.intellij.openapi.util.Pair
 com.intellij.openapi.util.Pair$1
 com.intellij.openapi.util.Pair$NonNull
com/intellij/ui/mac/foundation/Foundation.java
 com.intellij.ui.mac.foundation.Foundation
 com.intellij.ui.mac.foundation.Foundation$1
 com.intellij.ui.mac.foundation.Foundation$CGFloat
 com.intellij.ui.mac.foundation.Foundation$NSArray
 com.intellij.ui.mac.foundation.Foundation$NSAutoreleasePool
 com.intellij.ui.mac.foundation.Foundation$NSDictionary
 com.intellij.ui.mac.foundation.Foundation$NSPoint
 com.intellij.ui.mac.foundation.Foundation$NSRect
 com.intellij.ui.mac.foundation.Foundation$NSSize
 com.intellij.ui.mac.foundation.Foundation$RunnableInfo
com/intellij/util/ui/ColorUtil.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.ColorUtil
com/intellij/ui/ClickListener.java
 com.intellij.ui.ClickListener
 com.intellij.ui.ClickListener$1
com/terminal/ui/TerminalPanel.java
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalPanel
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalPanel$1
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalPanel$10
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalPanel$11
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalPanel$12
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalPanel$2
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalPanel$3
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalPanel$4
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalPanel$5
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalPanel$6
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalPanel$7
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalPanel$8
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalPanel$9
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalPanel$MyInputMethodRequests
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalPanel$TerminalCursor
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalPanel$TerminalCursorState
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalPanel$TerminalKeyHandler
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalPanel$WeakRedrawTimer
com/terminal/TerminalCopyPasteHandler.java
 com.terminal.TerminalCopyPasteHandler
com/intellij/util/ui/DrawUtil.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.DrawUtil
 com.intellij.util.ui.DrawUtil$DetectRetinaKit
com/intellij/openapi/util/SystemInfoRt.java
 com.intellij.openapi.util.SystemInfoRt
com/intellij/util/SystemProperties.java
 com.intellij.util.SystemProperties
com/intellij/openapi/util/text/StringUtil.java
 com.intellij.openapi.util.text.StringUtil
 com.intellij.openapi.util.text.StringUtil$1
 com.intellij.openapi.util.text.StringUtil$2
 com.intellij.openapi.util.text.StringUtil$3
 com.intellij.openapi.util.text.StringUtil$4
 com.intellij.openapi.util.text.StringUtil$5
 com.intellij.openapi.util.text.StringUtil$6
 com.intellij.openapi.util.text.StringUtil$6$1
 com.intellij.openapi.util.text.StringUtil$BombedCharSequence
 com.intellij.openapi.util.text.StringUtil$MyHtml2Text
com/terminal/TtyConnector.java
 com.terminal.TtyConnector
com/intellij/ui/components/DefaultScrollBarUI.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.DefaultScrollBarUI
 com.intellij.ui.components.DefaultScrollBarUI$1
 com.intellij.ui.components.DefaultScrollBarUI$2
 com.intellij.ui.components.DefaultScrollBarUI$3
 com.intellij.ui.components.DefaultScrollBarUI$Listener
com/intellij/util/containers/LinkedHashSet.java
 com.intellij.util.containers.LinkedHashSet
com/intellij/ui/components/JBLabelDecorator.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBLabelDecorator
com/intellij/ui/AntialiasingType.java
 com.intellij.ui.AntialiasingType
com/intellij/ui/ColorUtil.java
 com.intellij.ui.ColorUtil
com/intellij/util/ui/WavePainter.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.WavePainter
com/intellij/util/containers/Stack.java
 com.intellij.util.containers.Stack
com/intellij/openapi/util/Couple.java
 com.intellij.openapi.util.Couple
com/terminal/ui/settings/SettingsProvider.java
 com.terminal.ui.settings.SettingsProvider
com/terminal/HyperlinkStyle.java
 com.terminal.HyperlinkStyle
 com.terminal.HyperlinkStyle$1
 com.terminal.HyperlinkStyle$Builder
 com.terminal.HyperlinkStyle$HighlightMode
com/intellij/openapi/util/registry/Registry.java
 com.intellij.openapi.util.registry.Registry
com/terminal/CursorShape.java
 com.terminal.CursorShape
com/terminal/util/Util.java
 com.terminal.util.Util
com/intellij/openapi/ui/Divider.java
 com.intellij.openapi.ui.Divider
com/terminal/ui/TerminalActionProvider.java
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalActionProvider
com/intellij/ui/components/JBLoadingPanelListener.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBLoadingPanelListener
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBLoadingPanelListener$Adapter
com/intellij/openapi/ui/NullableComponent.java
 com.intellij.openapi.ui.NullableComponent
 com.intellij.openapi.ui.NullableComponent$Check
com/intellij/execution/filters/UrlFilter.java
 com.intellij.execution.filters.UrlFilter
 com.intellij.execution.filters.UrlFilter$1
com/terminal/emulator/charset/GraphicSetState.java
 com.terminal.emulator.charset.GraphicSetState
com/intellij/ui/components/JBLabel.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBLabel
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBLabel$1
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBLabel$2
com/intellij/util/containers/ContainerUtil.java
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil$1
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil$10
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil$11
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil$12
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil$13
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil$14
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil$2
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil$3
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil$4
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil$5
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil$6
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil$6$1
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil$7
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil$7$1
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil$8
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil$9
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil$ImmutableListBackedByArray
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil$ImmutableListBackedByList
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtil$ImmutableMapBuilder
com/intellij/openapi/util/Condition.java
 com.intellij.openapi.util.Condition
 com.intellij.openapi.util.Condition$1
 com.intellij.openapi.util.Condition$2
 com.intellij.openapi.util.Condition$3
com/terminal/model/hyperlinks/LinkResult.java
 com.terminal.model.hyperlinks.LinkResult
com/intellij/ui/components/ZoomableViewport.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.ZoomableViewport
com/intellij/openapi/ui/Painter.java
 com.intellij.openapi.ui.Painter
 com.intellij.openapi.ui.Painter$Listener
com/intellij/ui/components/TwoWayAnimator.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.TwoWayAnimator
 com.intellij.ui.components.TwoWayAnimator$1
 com.intellij.ui.components.TwoWayAnimator$MyAnimator
com/intellij/util/ui/GraphicsUtil.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.GraphicsUtil
com/intellij/ui/paint/RectanglePainter.java
 com.intellij.ui.paint.RectanglePainter
 com.intellij.ui.paint.RectanglePainter$1
 com.intellij.ui.paint.RectanglePainter$2
com/intellij/ui/AnchorableComponent.java
 com.intellij.ui.AnchorableComponent
com/terminal/ui/settings/UserSettingsProvider.java
 com.terminal.ui.settings.UserSettingsProvider
com/intellij/ui/components/MacScrollBarUI.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.MacScrollBarUI
 com.intellij.ui.components.MacScrollBarUI$1
 com.intellij.ui.components.MacScrollBarUI$Behavior
 com.intellij.ui.components.MacScrollBarUI$Behavior$1
 com.intellij.ui.components.MacScrollBarUI$Native
 com.intellij.ui.components.MacScrollBarUI$Style
 com.intellij.ui.components.MacScrollBarUI$Style$1
com/intellij/util/Processor.java
 com.intellij.util.Processor
 com.intellij.util.Processor$1
 com.intellij.util.Processor$2
com/terminal/model/StyleState.java
 com.terminal.model.StyleState
com/intellij/util/ui/update/ComparableObject.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.update.ComparableObject
 com.intellij.util.ui.update.ComparableObject$Impl
com/terminal/model/LinesBuffer.java
 com.terminal.model.LinesBuffer
com/terminal/TerminalStarter.java
 com.terminal.TerminalStarter
com/intellij/util/ui/StatusText.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.StatusText
 com.intellij.util.ui.StatusText$1
 com.intellij.util.ui.StatusText$2
com/terminal/ui/settings/TabbedSettingsProvider.java
 com.terminal.ui.settings.TabbedSettingsProvider
com/intellij/ui/components/MultiColumnListModel.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.MultiColumnListModel
com/intellij/ui/mac/foundation/FoundationLibrary.java
 com.intellij.ui.mac.foundation.FoundationLibrary
com/terminal/emulator/mouse/MouseFormat.java
 com.terminal.emulator.mouse.MouseFormat
com/intellij/ui/IdeBorderFactory.java
 com.intellij.ui.IdeBorderFactory
com/intellij/ui/SimpleColoredComponent.java
 com.intellij.ui.SimpleColoredComponent
 com.intellij.ui.SimpleColoredComponent$1
 com.intellij.ui.SimpleColoredComponent$AccessibleSimpleColoredComponent
 com.intellij.ui.SimpleColoredComponent$BrowserLauncherTag
 com.intellij.ui.SimpleColoredComponent$ColoredIterator
 com.intellij.ui.SimpleColoredComponent$MyBorder
 com.intellij.ui.SimpleColoredComponent$MyIterator
com/intellij/util/PairConsumer.java
 com.intellij.util.PairConsumer
com/intellij/ui/components/FixedRowsModel.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.FixedRowsModel
com/intellij/ui/components/ScrollColorProducer.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.ScrollColorProducer
com/intellij/ui/components/panels/VerticalLayout.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.panels.VerticalLayout
com/terminal/emulator/charset/CharacterSet.java
 com.terminal.emulator.charset.CharacterSet
 com.terminal.emulator.charset.CharacterSet$1
 com.terminal.emulator.charset.CharacterSet$10
 com.terminal.emulator.charset.CharacterSet$11
 com.terminal.emulator.charset.CharacterSet$12
 com.terminal.emulator.charset.CharacterSet$13
 com.terminal.emulator.charset.CharacterSet$14
 com.terminal.emulator.charset.CharacterSet$2
 com.terminal.emulator.charset.CharacterSet$3
 com.terminal.emulator.charset.CharacterSet$4
 com.terminal.emulator.charset.CharacterSet$5
 com.terminal.emulator.charset.CharacterSet$6
 com.terminal.emulator.charset.CharacterSet$7
 com.terminal.emulator.charset.CharacterSet$8
 com.terminal.emulator.charset.CharacterSet$9
com/intellij/util/concurrency/AppExecutorUtil.java
 com.intellij.util.concurrency.AppExecutorUtil
com/intellij/util/EncodingEnvironmentUtil.java
 com.intellij.util.EncodingEnvironmentUtil
com/intellij/util/ArrayUtil.java
 com.intellij.util.ArrayUtil
 com.intellij.util.ArrayUtil$1
 com.intellij.util.ArrayUtil$2
com/terminal/TextStyle.java
 com.terminal.TextStyle
 com.terminal.TextStyle$Builder
 com.terminal.TextStyle$Option
com/intellij/openapi/util/SystemInfo.java
 com.intellij.openapi.util.SystemInfo
 com.intellij.openapi.util.SystemInfo$1
 com.intellij.openapi.util.SystemInfo$2
 com.intellij.openapi.util.SystemInfo$3
com/intellij/ui/DarculaColors.java
 com.intellij.ui.DarculaColors
com/intellij/util/HiDPIScaledGraphics.java
 com.intellij.util.HiDPIScaledGraphics
com/intellij/openapi/util/ExecutionCallback.java
 com.intellij.openapi.util.ExecutionCallback
 com.intellij.openapi.util.ExecutionCallback$1
 com.intellij.openapi.util.ExecutionCallback$CompositeRunnable
com/intellij/ui/components/JBTabbedPane.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBTabbedPane
com/intellij/openapi/util/ActiveRunnable.java
 com.intellij.openapi.util.ActiveRunnable
com/intellij/util/ui/components/JBComponent.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.components.JBComponent
com/intellij/ui/components/ZoomingDelegate.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.ZoomingDelegate
com/terminal/model/StoredCursor.java
 com.terminal.model.StoredCursor
com/intellij/util/concurrency/AppDelayQueue.java
 com.intellij.util.concurrency.AppDelayQueue
 com.intellij.util.concurrency.AppDelayQueue$1
com/intellij/ui/Gray.java
 com.intellij.ui.Gray
com/intellij/ui/components/FixedColumnsModel.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.FixedColumnsModel
com/intellij/openapi/util/Key.java
 com.intellij.openapi.util.Key
com/terminal/RequestOrigin.java
 com.terminal.RequestOrigin
com/intellij/util/ui/Gray.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.Gray
com/intellij/util/concurrency/BlockingSet.java
 com.intellij.util.concurrency.BlockingSet
com/terminal/emulator/ColorPalette.java
 com.terminal.emulator.ColorPalette
 com.terminal.emulator.ColorPalette$1
 com.terminal.emulator.ColorPalette$2
com/intellij/ui/components/MultiColumnList.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.MultiColumnList
 com.intellij.ui.components.MultiColumnList$1
 com.intellij.ui.components.MultiColumnList$2
com/intellij/util/containers/ContainerUtilRt.java
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtilRt
 com.intellij.util.containers.ContainerUtilRt$EmptyList
com/intellij/util/ui/update/ComparableObjectCheck.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.update.ComparableObjectCheck
com/terminal/ui/CMD3TermWidget.java
 com.terminal.ui.CMD3TermWidget
 com.terminal.ui.CMD3TermWidget$1
 com.terminal.ui.CMD3TermWidget$2
 com.terminal.ui.CMD3TermWidget$3
 com.terminal.ui.CMD3TermWidget$4
 com.terminal.ui.CMD3TermWidget$EmulatorTask
 com.terminal.ui.CMD3TermWidget$FindResultScrollBarUI
 com.terminal.ui.CMD3TermWidget$SearchComponent
 com.terminal.ui.CMD3TermWidget$SearchPanel
 com.terminal.ui.CMD3TermWidget$TerminalLayout
com/intellij/util/ui/NSScrollerHelper.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.NSScrollerHelper
 com.intellij.util.ui.NSScrollerHelper$1
 com.intellij.util.ui.NSScrollerHelper$2
 com.intellij.util.ui.NSScrollerHelper$ClickBehavior
 com.intellij.util.ui.NSScrollerHelper$ScrollbarStyleListener
 com.intellij.util.ui.NSScrollerHelper$Style
com/intellij/ui/components/panels/NonOpaquePanel.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.panels.NonOpaquePanel
com/terminal/emulator/ControlSequence.java
 com.terminal.emulator.ControlSequence
com/terminal/util/CharUtils.java
 com.terminal.util.CharUtils
 com.terminal.util.CharUtils$CharacterType
com/intellij/ui/JBSplitter.java
 com.intellij.ui.JBSplitter
com/terminal/ui/settings/SystemSettingsProvider.java
 com.terminal.ui.settings.SystemSettingsProvider
com/terminal/util/PtyProcessTtyConnector.java
 com.terminal.util.PtyProcessTtyConnector
com/intellij/ui/paint/EffectPainter.java
 com.intellij.ui.paint.EffectPainter
 com.intellij.ui.paint.EffectPainter$1
 com.intellij.ui.paint.EffectPainter$2
 com.intellij.ui.paint.EffectPainter$3
 com.intellij.ui.paint.EffectPainter$4
 com.intellij.ui.paint.EffectPainter$5
 com.intellij.ui.paint.EffectPainter$Cached
 com.intellij.ui.paint.EffectPainter$Cached$1
 com.intellij.ui.paint.EffectPainter$Cached$2
com/terminal/emulator/mouse/TerminalMouseListener.java
 com.terminal.emulator.mouse.TerminalMouseListener
com/intellij/ui/mac/foundation/NSWorkspace.java
 com.intellij.ui.mac.foundation.NSWorkspace
com/terminal/TerminalColor.java
 com.terminal.TerminalColor
com/terminal/ui/PreConnectHandler.java
 com.terminal.ui.PreConnectHandler
com/intellij/ui/LightColors.java
 com.intellij.ui.LightColors
com/intellij/util/ui/JBUI.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.JBUI
 com.intellij.util.ui.JBUI$Borders
 com.intellij.util.ui.JBUI$Fonts
com/terminal/model/TerminalSelection.java
 com.terminal.model.TerminalSelection
com/intellij/util/ObjectUtils.java
 com.intellij.util.ObjectUtils
com/terminal/TerminalKeyEncoder.java
 com.terminal.TerminalKeyEncoder
 com.terminal.TerminalKeyEncoder$KeyCodeAndModifier
com/terminal/StyledTextConsumerAdapter.java
 com.terminal.StyledTextConsumerAdapter
com/intellij/util/ui/JBFont.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.JBFont
 com.intellij.util.ui.JBFont$1
 com.intellij.util.ui.JBFont$JBFontUIResource
com/intellij/util/ui/components/BorderLayoutPanel.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.components.BorderLayoutPanel
com/intellij/util/concurrency/Semaphore.java
 com.intellij.util.concurrency.Semaphore
 com.intellij.util.concurrency.Semaphore$1
 com.intellij.util.concurrency.Semaphore$Sync
com/intellij/openapi/Disposable.java
 com.intellij.openapi.Disposable
 com.intellij.openapi.Disposable$Parent
com/terminal/ui/TerminalActionPresentation.java
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalActionPresentation
com/terminal/SubstringFinder.java
 com.terminal.SubstringFinder
 com.terminal.SubstringFinder$1
 com.terminal.SubstringFinder$FindResult
 com.terminal.SubstringFinder$FindResult$FindItem
 com.terminal.SubstringFinder$TextToken
com/intellij/util/ArrayUtilRt.java
 com.intellij.util.ArrayUtilRt
com/intellij/util/Producer.java
 com.intellij.util.Producer
com/intellij/openapi/wm/IdeGlassPane.java
 com.intellij.openapi.wm.IdeGlassPane
 com.intellij.openapi.wm.IdeGlassPane$TopComponent
com/intellij/ui/components/JBPanel.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBPanel
com/intellij/util/ui/JBDimension.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.JBDimension
 com.intellij.util.ui.JBDimension$JBDimensionUIResource
com/intellij/ui/components/JBLayeredPane.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBLayeredPane
com/terminal/model/hyperlinks/TextProcessing.java
 com.terminal.model.hyperlinks.TextProcessing
com/intellij/ui/components/JBScrollPane.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBScrollPane
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBScrollPane$1
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBScrollPane$Alignment
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBScrollPane$Corner
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBScrollPane$Flip
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBScrollPane$Layout
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBScrollPane$MyScrollBar
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBScrollPane$ViewportBorder
com/intellij/util/ui/JBEmptyBorder.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.JBEmptyBorder
 com.intellij.util.ui.JBEmptyBorder$JBEmptyBorderUIResource
com/terminal/emulator/charset/GraphicSet.java
 com.terminal.emulator.charset.GraphicSet
com/intellij/ui/components/JBMenu.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBMenu
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBMenu$AccessibleJBMenu
com/terminal/model/hyperlinks/LinkInfo.java
 com.terminal.model.hyperlinks.LinkInfo
com/intellij/util/ui/ButtonlessScrollBarUI.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.ButtonlessScrollBarUI
 com.intellij.util.ui.ButtonlessScrollBarUI$1
 com.intellij.util.ui.ButtonlessScrollBarUI$10
 com.intellij.util.ui.ButtonlessScrollBarUI$11
 com.intellij.util.ui.ButtonlessScrollBarUI$12
 com.intellij.util.ui.ButtonlessScrollBarUI$13
 com.intellij.util.ui.ButtonlessScrollBarUI$2
 com.intellij.util.ui.ButtonlessScrollBarUI$3
 com.intellij.util.ui.ButtonlessScrollBarUI$4
 com.intellij.util.ui.ButtonlessScrollBarUI$5
 com.intellij.util.ui.ButtonlessScrollBarUI$6
 com.intellij.util.ui.ButtonlessScrollBarUI$7
 com.intellij.util.ui.ButtonlessScrollBarUI$8
 com.intellij.util.ui.ButtonlessScrollBarUI$9
 com.intellij.util.ui.ButtonlessScrollBarUI$EmptyButton
 com.intellij.util.ui.ButtonlessScrollBarUI$ScrollbarRepaintCallback
 com.intellij.util.ui.ButtonlessScrollBarUI$ThumbPainter
 com.intellij.util.ui.ButtonlessScrollBarUI$Transparent
 com.intellij.util.ui.ButtonlessScrollBarUI$WeakLestener
com/intellij/util/containers/LinkedHashMap.java
 com.intellij.util.containers.LinkedHashMap
com/terminal/TerminalOutputStream.java
 com.terminal.TerminalOutputStream
com/terminal/emulator/mouse/MouseButtonModifierFlags.java
 com.terminal.emulator.mouse.MouseButtonModifierFlags
com/terminal/TerminalDataStream.java
 com.terminal.TerminalDataStream
 com.terminal.TerminalDataStream$EOF
com/intellij/ui/components/panels/Wrapper.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.panels.Wrapper
 com.intellij.ui.components.panels.Wrapper$North
com/intellij/util/concurrency/BoundedTaskExecutor.java
 com.intellij.util.concurrency.BoundedTaskExecutor
com/intellij/util/ArrayFactory.java
 com.intellij.util.ArrayFactory
com/terminal/util/Pair.java
 com.terminal.util.Pair
com/terminal/LoggingTtyConnector.java
 com.terminal.LoggingTtyConnector
com/intellij/openapi/util/text/StringUtilRt.java
 com.intellij.openapi.util.text.StringUtilRt
com/terminal/emulator/charset/CharacterSets.java
 com.terminal.emulator.charset.CharacterSets
com/intellij/openapi/util/ActionCallback.java
 com.intellij.openapi.util.ActionCallback
 com.intellij.openapi.util.ActionCallback$1
 com.intellij.openapi.util.ActionCallback$2
 com.intellij.openapi.util.ActionCallback$3
 com.intellij.openapi.util.ActionCallback$4
 com.intellij.openapi.util.ActionCallback$5
 com.intellij.openapi.util.ActionCallback$Chunk
 com.intellij.openapi.util.ActionCallback$Done
 com.intellij.openapi.util.ActionCallback$ExecutedExecutionCallback
 com.intellij.openapi.util.ActionCallback$IgnoreExecutionCallback
 com.intellij.openapi.util.ActionCallback$Rejected
com/intellij/util/containers/EmptyListIterator.java
 com.intellij.util.containers.EmptyListIterator
com/intellij/util/Alarm.java
 com.intellij.util.Alarm
 com.intellij.util.Alarm$1
 com.intellij.util.Alarm$Request
 com.intellij.util.Alarm$Request$1
 com.intellij.util.Alarm$ThreadToUse
com/intellij/util/Function.java
 com.intellij.util.Function
 com.intellij.util.Function$1
 com.intellij.util.Function$2
 com.intellij.util.Function$First
 com.intellij.util.Function$FirstInCollection
 com.intellij.util.Function$InstanceOf
 com.intellij.util.Function$Mono
com/intellij/ui/components/panels/StatelessCardLayout.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.panels.StatelessCardLayout
com/intellij/openapi/ui/ClickListener.java
 com.intellij.openapi.ui.ClickListener
 com.intellij.openapi.ui.ClickListener$1
com/intellij/util/concurrency/EdtExecutorService.java
 com.intellij.util.concurrency.EdtExecutorService
 com.intellij.util.concurrency.EdtExecutorService$1
com/terminal/model/hyperlinks/LinkResultItem.java
 com.terminal.model.hyperlinks.LinkResultItem
com/terminal/TerminalMode.java
 com.terminal.TerminalMode
 com.terminal.TerminalMode$1
 com.terminal.TerminalMode$10
 com.terminal.TerminalMode$11
 com.terminal.TerminalMode$2
 com.terminal.TerminalMode$3
 com.terminal.TerminalMode$4
 com.terminal.TerminalMode$5
 com.terminal.TerminalMode$6
 com.terminal.TerminalMode$7
 com.terminal.TerminalMode$8
 com.terminal.TerminalMode$9
com/intellij/util/ReflectionUtil.java
 com.intellij.util.ReflectionUtil
 com.intellij.util.ReflectionUtil$1
 com.intellij.util.ReflectionUtil$2
 com.intellij.util.ReflectionUtil$3
 com.intellij.util.ReflectionUtil$MySecurityManager
com/terminal/ProcessTtyConnector.java
 com.terminal.ProcessTtyConnector
com/intellij/util/ui/JBInsets.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.JBInsets
 com.intellij.util.ui.JBInsets$JBInsetsUIResource
com/intellij/util/concurrency/AppScheduledExecutorService.java
 com.intellij.util.concurrency.AppScheduledExecutorService
 com.intellij.util.concurrency.AppScheduledExecutorService$1
 com.intellij.util.concurrency.AppScheduledExecutorService$BackendThreadPoolExecutor
 com.intellij.util.concurrency.AppScheduledExecutorService$Holder
com/terminal/ui/TerminalWidgetListener.java
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalWidgetListener
com/intellij/util/ui/UIUtil.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$1
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$10
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$11
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$12
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$13
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$14
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$15
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$16
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$17
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$2
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$3
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$4
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$5
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$6
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$7
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$8
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$9
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$ComponentStyle
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$FontColor
 com.intellij.util.ui.UIUtil$FontSize
com/terminal/emulator/mouse/MouseButtonCodes.java
 com.terminal.emulator.mouse.MouseButtonCodes
com/intellij/util/concurrency/FutureResult.java
 com.intellij.util.concurrency.FutureResult
com/intellij/util/Consumer.java
 com.intellij.util.Consumer
 com.intellij.util.Consumer$1
com/terminal/model/Tabulator.java
 com.terminal.model.Tabulator
com/terminal/ui/settings/DefaultSettingsProvider.java
 com.terminal.ui.settings.DefaultSettingsProvider
com/terminal/ui/TerminalPanelListener.java
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalPanelListener
com/terminal/ui/AbstractTabs.java
 com.terminal.ui.AbstractTabs
 com.terminal.ui.AbstractTabs$TabChangeListener
com/intellij/openapi/util/RecursionGuard.java
 com.intellij.openapi.util.RecursionGuard
 com.intellij.openapi.util.RecursionGuard$StackStamp
com/intellij/util/NullableFunction.java
 com.intellij.util.NullableFunction
 com.intellij.util.NullableFunction$1
com/intellij/openapi/ui/Splitter.java
 com.intellij.openapi.ui.Splitter
 com.intellij.openapi.ui.Splitter$DividerImpl
 com.intellij.openapi.ui.Splitter$DividerImpl$1
 com.intellij.openapi.ui.Splitter$DividerImpl$2
 com.intellij.openapi.ui.Splitter$DividerImpl$3
com/intellij/ui/mac/foundation/MacUtil.java
 com.intellij.ui.mac.foundation.MacUtil
 com.intellij.ui.mac.foundation.MacUtil$1
 com.intellij.ui.mac.foundation.MacUtil$2
com/terminal/ArrayTerminalDataStream.java
 com.terminal.ArrayTerminalDataStream
com/intellij/ui/components/ScrollPainter.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.ScrollPainter
 com.intellij.ui.components.ScrollPainter$1
 com.intellij.ui.components.ScrollPainter$EditorThumb
 com.intellij.ui.components.ScrollPainter$EditorThumb$Mac
 com.intellij.ui.components.ScrollPainter$EditorThumb$Mac$Overlay
 com.intellij.ui.components.ScrollPainter$Protected
 com.intellij.ui.components.ScrollPainter$Round
 com.intellij.ui.components.ScrollPainter$SubtractColor
 com.intellij.ui.components.ScrollPainter$SubtractComposite
 com.intellij.ui.components.ScrollPainter$Thumb
 com.intellij.ui.components.ScrollPainter$Thumb$Mac
 com.intellij.ui.components.ScrollPainter$Thumb$Mac$Overlay
 com.intellij.ui.components.ScrollPainter$Track
com/terminal/emulator/Emulator.java
 com.terminal.emulator.Emulator
com/intellij/util/NotNullFunction.java
 com.intellij.util.NotNullFunction
com/intellij/openapi/util/Comparing.java
 com.intellij.openapi.util.Comparing
com/terminal/ui/TerminalSession.java
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalSession
com/terminal/DataStreamIteratingEmulator.java
 com.terminal.DataStreamIteratingEmulator
com/intellij/util/ui/AppleBoldDottedPainter.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.AppleBoldDottedPainter
com/intellij/openapi/ui/RoundedLineBorder.java
 com.intellij.openapi.ui.RoundedLineBorder
com/terminal/model/Cmd3Terminal.java
 com.terminal.model.Cmd3Terminal
 com.terminal.model.Cmd3Terminal$1
 com.terminal.model.Cmd3Terminal$2
 com.terminal.model.Cmd3Terminal$3
 com.terminal.model.Cmd3Terminal$DefaultTabulator
 com.terminal.model.Cmd3Terminal$ResizeHandler
com/intellij/util/containers/HashMap.java
 com.intellij.util.containers.HashMap
com/terminal/TerminalDisplay.java
 com.terminal.TerminalDisplay
com/intellij/ui/JBColor.java
 com.intellij.ui.JBColor
 com.intellij.ui.JBColor$1
 com.intellij.ui.JBColor$2
 com.intellij.ui.JBColor$3
 com.intellij.ui.JBColor$4
 com.intellij.ui.JBColor$5
 com.intellij.ui.JBColor$6
com/intellij/util/SmartList.java
 com.intellij.util.SmartList
 com.intellij.util.SmartList$SingletonIterator
com/terminal/DefaultTerminalCopyPasteHandler.java
 com.terminal.DefaultTerminalCopyPasteHandler
com/terminal/model/TerminalLine.java
 com.terminal.model.TerminalLine
 com.terminal.model.TerminalLine$1
 com.terminal.model.TerminalLine$TextEntries
 com.terminal.model.TerminalLine$TextEntry
com/intellij/util/containers/HashSet.java
 com.intellij.util.containers.HashSet
com/intellij/util/ExceptionUtil.java
 com.intellij.util.ExceptionUtil
 com.intellij.util.ExceptionUtil$1
com/intellij/openapi/diagnostic/Logger.java
 com.intellij.openapi.diagnostic.Logger
 com.intellij.openapi.diagnostic.Logger$1
 com.intellij.openapi.diagnostic.Logger$DefaultFactory
 com.intellij.openapi.diagnostic.Logger$Factory
com/intellij/util/ui/Animator.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.Animator
 com.intellij.util.ui.Animator$1
com/intellij/openapi/ui/SideBorder.java
 com.intellij.openapi.ui.SideBorder
 com.intellij.openapi.ui.SideBorder$SideMask
com/terminal/model/SelectionUtil.java
 com.terminal.model.SelectionUtil
com/intellij/ui/SimpleTextAttributes.java
 com.intellij.ui.SimpleTextAttributes
 com.intellij.ui.SimpleTextAttributes$StyleAttributeConstant
com/intellij/util/RetinaImage.java
 com.intellij.util.RetinaImage
com/intellij/ui/components/JBViewport.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBViewport
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBViewport$1
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBViewport$2
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBViewport$ResourceViewBorder
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBViewport$ViewBorder
com/intellij/util/io/URLUtil.java
 com.intellij.util.io.URLUtil
com/intellij/openapi/util/Weighted.java
 com.intellij.openapi.util.Weighted
com/intellij/util/concurrency/SchedulingWrapper.java
 com.intellij.util.concurrency.SchedulingWrapper
 com.intellij.util.concurrency.SchedulingWrapper$1
 com.intellij.util.concurrency.SchedulingWrapper$MyScheduledFutureTask
com/terminal/emulator/Cmd3Emulator.java
 com.terminal.emulator.Cmd3Emulator
com/intellij/util/ui/IsRetina.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.IsRetina
com/terminal/model/TerminalTextBuffer.java
 com.terminal.model.TerminalTextBuffer
 com.terminal.model.TerminalTextBuffer$1
com/intellij/openapi/ui/Splittable.java
 com.intellij.openapi.ui.Splittable
com/intellij/ui/components/panels/HorizontalLayout.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.panels.HorizontalLayout
com/intellij/ui/components/JBScrollBar.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.JBScrollBar
com/intellij/ui/mac/foundation/Selector.java
 com.intellij.ui.mac.foundation.Selector
com/intellij/openapi/diagnostic/ControlFlowException.java
 com.intellij.openapi.diagnostic.ControlFlowException
com/intellij/util/ui/Centerizer.java
 com.intellij.util.ui.Centerizer
com/intellij/util/containers/ImmutableList.java
 com.intellij.util.containers.ImmutableList
 com.intellij.util.containers.ImmutableList$1
 com.intellij.util.containers.ImmutableList$Itr
 com.intellij.util.containers.ImmutableList$ListItr
 com.intellij.util.containers.ImmutableList$SubList
com/intellij/openapi/util/Computable.java
 com.intellij.openapi.util.Computable
 com.intellij.openapi.util.Computable$NotNullCachedComputable
 com.intellij.openapi.util.Computable$NullableCachedComputable
 com.intellij.openapi.util.Computable$PredefinedValueComputable
com/intellij/util/concurrency/FixedFuture.java
 com.intellij.util.concurrency.FixedFuture
com/intellij/util/BitUtil.java
 com.intellij.util.BitUtil
com/terminal/emulator/mouse/MouseMode.java
 com.terminal.emulator.mouse.MouseMode
com/intellij/util/containers/SingletonIteratorBase.java
 com.intellij.util.containers.SingletonIteratorBase
com/intellij/ui/components/Magnificator.java
 com.intellij.ui.components.Magnificator
com/terminal/Terminal.java
 com.terminal.Terminal
com/intellij/openapi/diagnostic/DefaultLogger.java
 com.intellij.openapi.diagnostic.DefaultLogger
com/terminal/StyledTextConsumer.java
 com.terminal.StyledTextConsumer
com/intellij/ui/ColoredTextContainer.java
 com.intellij.ui.ColoredTextContainer
com/intellij/util/containers/EmptyIterator.java
 com.intellij.util.containers.EmptyIterator
com/terminal/ui/TerminalCoordinates.java
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalCoordinates
com/terminal/model/CharBuffer.java
 com.terminal.model.CharBuffer
 com.terminal.model.CharBuffer$1
com/terminal/model/hyperlinks/HyperlinkFilter.java
 com.terminal.model.hyperlinks.HyperlinkFilter
com/terminal/ui/TerminalAction.java
 com.terminal.ui.TerminalAction
com/terminal/ui/UIUtil.java
 com.terminal.ui.UIUtil
com/intellij/openapi/ui/GraphicsConfig.java
 com.intellij.openapi.ui.GraphicsConfig
com/intellij/util/JBHiDPIScaledImage.java
 com.intellij.util.JBHiDPIScaledImage
